Let's now get into the last
and most adventurous
and advanced frame slash
group of frames,
group of slides, of this workshop.
So in Roadmap to 2040,
we want to do something different.
We want to create icons and decks
that lead to other screens.
So how do we do that?
Initially,
let's just create a rectangle.
Now, if you see in the corner
of the rectangles,
inside the box, there are side dots.
If you click on those dots and drag
it in.
It creates curved corners.
Now this gives it a nice,
modern finished look.
You could also do that on the properties
panel,
right above the
color and the fill option.
We're going to format
it so that it has a thicker background
and then we have a smaller box inside it
where the icons will fit. Below icons,
we would like the text
of what those icons represent.
So let's just add a text box
there.
Now it's super important to make sure
that we have this idea beforehand,
which is why - just draw rough of sketches
of what you want.
It becomes much easier
to do subsequent things
when you have an idea of what you want.
Now, make sure they're aligned,
by dragging my mouse over it
when it's in the select option
and then clicking that align function
at the top right hand corner
align buttons.
I’m also
just gonna format the text button
and now use the “Repeat Grid” option.
So this populates not just text,
but even shapes get repeated.
Now let's
say I want to add images
or icons into those boxes.
It's super important that we know
which order we want them in.
So just label them accordingly
so that when you select all
and then drag them into the “Repeat
Grid” function, they just fit perfectly .
Now, for four you may think it's easy
to do it by hand, but this is possible
even if you, let's say
you have 40 or 50 options.
Now, once we tried to add
our text, we noticed that
there's a slight problem that happens.
This is a common problem,
which happens very regularly.
So just click into the first text box.
Yeah, and then go to this fixed
width text box option, click on that.
So you decide to which space
your text box fits
and there won't be any auto adjusting
patterns.
Let's drag
our text in now, and it works perfectly.
Let's get
back into formatting our pretty boxes.
Because these are buttons,
or these are clickable, you'd want them
to hover over the screen a bit.
So what I'm doing is opening
the layers panel, making sure
only the rectangle is selected
and then on the right hand side,
add a shadow. Now right now
because it's gray
it may not be very visible,
but I'm sure that it will come through
once we get our colors in place.
Now, let's assign
a different color for each of them here.
So when we try to do that directly,
we realize that the same color
gets assigned to all of them.
So what we got to do
is make sure our formatting for the boxes
are completed, the set,
and then we ungroup the grid.
And then get into formatting each color
as you format the color,
Make sure to,
add the colors, into your
swatches, so that you can use it again
if it ever pops up.
So you have some sort of uniformity
and a visual language
that's getting developed
along with your storytelling methods.